
[Intro]
Yeah… huh?
What? Slatt, slatt
Off the wave, I can’t even think straight (huh)
Yeah… let’s go
[Hook]
I pour up the wave, yeah I’m off the meter (what?)
She bad as hell, she dancin’ like a leader (huh)
Stacks in the sky, I can’t even see ‘em (yeah)
I mean, I can’t even count ‘em, they too high, yeah (slatt)
Do the dash in the Lamb’, I’m swervin’ through the night
Energy crazy, I feel like a fighter, huh
Off the wave, off the wave, I can’t feel my face
Four pockets full, yeah I’m in outer space (what?)
[Verse 1]
I woke up with the drip, yeah it’s on my level (huh)
She said she with me, I told her “that’s a big no” (what?)
I mean, that’s a big 0, I don’t need the stress
Diamonds on my neck, they dancin’ like a festival
Overseas drip, designer on my feet tho
I just hit the mode, now the room doin’ flips, woah
My team pull up, we movin’ super deep tho (slatt)
Lights flashin’, yeah we glowin’ like a halo (huh)
I been ridin’ clean, yeah we up in the Faygo
Rockstar life, I don’t even say no
I mean, I don’t even speak, I just nod my head, bro
Wrist look like a freezer, ice on the bezel
She tryna vibe with me, yeah she my lil’ rebel
Pull up in the foreign, engine sound like a rebel
Stacks so tall, they look like the Eiffel (yeah)
I can’t feel my legs, but I’m still gon’ step, huh
What? Slatt
[Hook]
I pour up the wave, yeah I’m off the meter (what?)
She bad as hell, she dancin’ like a leader (huh)
Stacks in the sky, I can’t even see ‘em (yeah)
I mean, I can’t even count ‘em, they too high, yeah (slatt)
Do the dash in the Lamb’, I’m swervin’ through the night
Energy crazy, I feel like a fighter, huh
Off the wave, off the wave, I can’t feel my face
Four pockets full, yeah I’m in outer space (what?)
[Verse 2]
Yeah, I just copped a new ride, it got lights on it (huh)
They tried to chase, but we left ‘em in the distance, homie (what?)
I mean, we left ‘em behind, now they stuck in the past
I don’t post my moves, I just let the money talk
She off the wave too, now she actin’ real wild
Told her “calm down,” but she still tryna shine
Diamonds VVS, they hit like a missile
I been in the game, turn a plan to a vision
I don’t check the price, I just swipe till it glitched, bro
I mean, I just swipe till the card say “declined,” no
Foreigns in the lot, they look like a spaceship
My ex keep callin’, I left her on read, yeah
Team in the cut, we don’t do the fake stuff
Stacks in the duffel, they blue like the matrix
I pour another round, now I’m floatin’ in the matrix, huh
Yeah… what? Slatt, slatt
[Bridge / Final Hook]
Off the wave, off the wave, everything glitching (huh)
She off the wave, now she movin’ in the moment (yeah)
I mean, she dancin’ on the floor, I ain’t even trippin’
Stacks keep comin’, I can’t even fit ‘em
Ridin’ real high, yeah we up with the motion
Feel like a star, I been up all night glowin’
Huh? What? Yeah…
I can’t come down, I’m too high, yeah
[Outro]
Off the wave… off the wave… (fade with ad-libs)
Huh? Slatt… yeah… what?
I mean… we out…
